README.md, before:

# Music Library Lead Finder

Music Library Lead Finder is a local-first crawler and review dashboard for discovering music library leads. It finds licensing catalogs, extracts contact signals (emails or forms), scores library relevance, and stores structured leads in DynamoDB for review. It does not send outreach.

## Requirements
- Python 3.10+
- AWS account (DynamoDB) or DynamoDB Local
- AWS account (SQS optional, for queue-based scaling)

## Quickstart (Windows PowerShell)
```powershell
python -m venv .venv
.\.venv\Scripts\pip install -r requirements.txt
copy .env.example .env
.\.venv\Scripts\python run.py
```

## Quickstart (Linux / Raspberry Pi)
```bash
python3 -m venv .venv
./.venv/bin/pip install -r requirements.txt
cp .env.example .env
./.venv/bin/python run.py
```

## Configure .env
Start from `.env.example` and set at least:
```
AWS_REGION=us-east-1
LEADS_TABLE=MusicLibraryLeads
PAGES_TABLE=MusicLibraryPages
DASHBOARD_USERS=admin:changeme
DASHBOARD_SESSION_SECRET=change_this_secret
```

Optional (discovery):
```
DISCOVERY_ENABLED=1
DISCOVERY_PROVIDERS=brave,serper
BRAVE_API_KEY=your_key
SERPER_API_KEY=your_key
```

Optional (local DynamoDB):
```
DYNAMODB_ENDPOINT_URL=http://localhost:8000
```

Optional (SQS queue for scaling):
```
QUEUE_ENABLED=1
QUEUE_MODE=producer   # producer | worker | local
SQS_QUEUE_URL=https://sqs.us-east-1.amazonaws.com/123456789012/your-queue
SQS_MAX_MESSAGES=5
SQS_WAIT_SECONDS=10
SQS_VISIBILITY_TIMEOUT=30
SQS_MESSAGE_GROUP_ID=leadbot
```

## Dashboard
Windows:
```powershell
.\.venv\Scripts\pip install -r requirements.txt
.\run-dashboard.ps1
```

Linux / Raspberry Pi:
```bash
./.venv/bin/python -m uvicorn dashboard_app:app --host 0.0.0.0 --port 8001
```

Open `http://localhost:8001` (or the port in `DASHBOARD_PORT`).

## Services Used (and Why)
- **DynamoDB**: durable lead storage, deduplication, and dashboard reads.
- **SQS (optional)**: decouples crawling work so you can run multiple workers in parallel, buffer spikes, and scale safely.
- **Brave/Serper (optional)**: discovery providers for finding new seed URLs.

## AWS Setup (DynamoDB)
Create the two tables:
- `MusicLibraryLeads` (hash key: `lead_id` string)
- `MusicLibraryPages` (hash key: `page_url` string)

Example (AWS CLI):
```bash
aws dynamodb create-table \
  --region us-east-1 \
  --table-name MusicLibraryLeads \
  --attribute-definitions AttributeName=lead_id,AttributeType=S \
  --key-schema AttributeName=lead_id,KeyType=HASH \
  --billing-mode PAY_PER_REQUEST

aws dynamodb create-table \
  --region us-east-1 \
  --table-name MusicLibraryPages \
  --attribute-definitions AttributeName=page_url,AttributeType=S \
  --key-schema AttributeName=page_url,KeyType=HASH \
  --billing-mode PAY_PER_REQUEST
```

Make sure your AWS credentials are set (either `aws configure` or environment variables).

## AWS Setup (SQS, optional)
Use SQS if you want queue-based scaling (producer → workers).

Create a queue (standard is fine) and copy the Queue URL into `SQS_QUEUE_URL`.

### Modes
- `QUEUE_MODE=producer`: enqueue seed URLs into SQS.
- `QUEUE_MODE=worker`: pull URLs from SQS, crawl, and write leads to DynamoDB.
- `QUEUE_MODE=local` or `QUEUE_ENABLED=0`: original single-process crawl.

### Example workflow
1) Producer:
```bash
QUEUE_ENABLED=1
QUEUE_MODE=producer
python run.py
```
2) Worker (run one or many workers):
```bash
QUEUE_ENABLED=1
QUEUE_MODE=worker
python run.py
```

## Seed Validation (optional)
Validate and clean seed URLs:
```bash
python validate_seeds.py
```

Outputs:
- `seeds_working.txt`
- `seeds_failed.txt`

## Files and Outputs
- `leads_export.jsonl` (optional export if enabled)
- `discovery_state.json` (discovery progress)
- `dashboard/` (templates and static assets)

## Testing (optional)
```bash
pip install -r requirements-dev.txt
pytest
```

Commit message:

Update dashboard notes and Tailscale access docs

README.md, after:

# Music Library Lead Finder

Music Library Lead Finder is a local-first crawler and review dashboard for discovering music library leads. It finds licensing catalogs, extracts contact signals (emails or forms), scores library relevance, and stores structured leads in DynamoDB for review. It does not send outreach.

## Requirements
- Python 3.10+
- AWS account (DynamoDB) or DynamoDB Local
- AWS account (SQS optional, for queue-based scaling)

## Quickstart (Windows PowerShell)
```powershell
python -m venv .venv
.\.venv\Scripts\pip install -r requirements.txt
copy .env.example .env
.\.venv\Scripts\python run.py
```

## Quickstart (Linux / Raspberry Pi)
```bash
python3 -m venv .venv
./.venv/bin/pip install -r requirements.txt
cp .env.example .env
./.venv/bin/python run.py
```

## Configure .env
Start from `.env.example` and set at least:
```
AWS_REGION=us-east-1
LEADS_TABLE=MusicLibraryLeads
PAGES_TABLE=MusicLibraryPages
DASHBOARD_USERS=admin:changeme
DASHBOARD_SESSION_SECRET=change_this_secret
```

Optional (discovery):
```
DISCOVERY_ENABLED=1
DISCOVERY_PROVIDERS=brave,serper
BRAVE_API_KEY=your_key
SERPER_API_KEY=your_key
```

Optional (local DynamoDB):
```
DYNAMODB_ENDPOINT_URL=http://localhost:8000
```

Optional (SQS queue for scaling):
```
QUEUE_ENABLED=1
QUEUE_MODE=producer   # producer | worker | local
SQS_QUEUE_URL=https://sqs.us-east-1.amazonaws.com/123456789012/your-queue
SQS_MAX_MESSAGES=5
SQS_WAIT_SECONDS=10
SQS_VISIBILITY_TIMEOUT=30
SQS_MESSAGE_GROUP_ID=leadbot
```

## Dashboard
The dashboard uses its own login (set in `DASHBOARD_USERS`) and is typically accessed locally.

Windows:
```powershell
.\.venv\Scripts\pip install -r requirements.txt
.\run-dashboard.ps1
```

Linux / Raspberry Pi:
```bash
./.venv/bin/python -m uvicorn dashboard_app:app --host 0.0.0.0 --port 8001
```

Open `http://localhost:8001` (or the port in `DASHBOARD_PORT`).

### Remote access (recommended: Tailscale)
For private, simple access by a few people, use Tailscale instead of exposing the dashboard to the public internet.

1) Install Tailscale on the host and each user's device.
2) Sign in to the same tailnet and invite the other users.
3) Share the Tailscale IP of the host (see `tailscale ip -4`), and use:
```
http://<tailscale-ip>:<DASHBOARD_PORT>
```

Notes:
- Tailscale controls network access; the dashboard still uses `DASHBOARD_USERS` for login.
- No public ports or reverse proxy needed.

## Services Used (and Why)
- **DynamoDB**: durable lead storage, deduplication, and dashboard reads.
- **SQS (optional)**: decouples crawling work so you can run multiple workers in parallel, buffer spikes, and scale safely.
- **Brave/Serper (optional)**: discovery providers for finding new seed URLs.

## AWS Setup (DynamoDB)
Create the two tables:
- `MusicLibraryLeads` (hash key: `lead_id` string)
- `MusicLibraryPages` (hash key: `page_url` string)

Example (AWS CLI):
```bash
aws dynamodb create-table \
  --region us-east-1 \
  --table-name MusicLibraryLeads \
  --attribute-definitions AttributeName=lead_id,AttributeType=S \
  --key-schema AttributeName=lead_id,KeyType=HASH \
  --billing-mode PAY_PER_REQUEST

aws dynamodb create-table \
  --region us-east-1 \
  --table-name MusicLibraryPages \
  --attribute-definitions AttributeName=page_url,AttributeType=S \
  --key-schema AttributeName=page_url,KeyType=HASH \
  --billing-mode PAY_PER_REQUEST
```

Make sure your AWS credentials are set (either `aws configure` or environment variables).

## AWS Setup (SQS, optional)
Use SQS if you want queue-based scaling (producer → workers).

Create a queue (standard is fine) and copy the Queue URL into `SQS_QUEUE_URL`.

### Modes
- `QUEUE_MODE=producer`: enqueue seed URLs into SQS.
- `QUEUE_MODE=worker`: pull URLs from SQS, crawl, and write leads to DynamoDB.
- `QUEUE_MODE=local` or `QUEUE_ENABLED=0`: original single-process crawl.

### Example workflow
1) Producer:
```bash
QUEUE_ENABLED=1
QUEUE_MODE=producer
python run.py
```
2) Worker (run one or many workers):
```bash
QUEUE_ENABLED=1
QUEUE_MODE=worker
python run.py
```

## Seed Validation (optional)
Validate and clean seed URLs:
```bash
python validate_seeds.py
```

Outputs:
- `seeds_working.txt`
- `seeds_failed.txt`

## Files and Outputs
- `leads_export.jsonl` (optional export if enabled)
- `discovery_state.json` (discovery progress)
- `dashboard/` (templates and static assets)

## Testing (optional)
```bash
pip install -r requirements-dev.txt
pytest
```
